SIX MAIN TYPES OF SATELLITES:
	1.	scientific research (gather data about the earth and/or changes in environment)
	2.	Weather (take pictures of the earth with an infrared camera and study the gas/clouds)
	3.	communication(sends data to largee dish on ground station)
	4.	Navigation(GPS)
	5.	Earth Observation
	6.	Military (spy satellites for early missile detection)

success rate of most cubesat missions is actually around 50%

SATELLITE MUST BE DESIGNED TO PERFORM PERIODIC RESETS IN ORDER TO AVOID DAMAGE

	
ONE KEY ASPECT OF SAT COMM DESIGN IS THAT THE EARTH IS ONE OF YOUR HIGHEST SOURCES OF NOISE
	if your satellite faces in that direction, then yo will have considerable noise on your lines
	
lets think what's actually possible for right now

maybe build a noise harvester so that any that leaves the atmosphere is reflected back to the surface somewhere?
	can't because 25MHz at 1/100th of signal is still 12 cm of wire. (maybe make flexible HDTV loop antenna for power harvesting?)
	maybe go for RF harvester for system power, (more robust than solar since not sun dependant)
		consumes power that doesn't do useful work (earth generates it anyways)
		not done before?
	
we can a build a pcb
we can build the com system

what can't be do?
glasswork
metalwork
anything that involves building fixtures

ok
so lets stick with something thats more softwarre or electronics oriented in terms of payload

most involve communication, distance sensing, or image processing whcih is what the prof doesn't want us to do.
	last resort then
		using SNR to measure dust or particulate obstruction between system nodes
		using communication to determine the approximate distance between nodes for distance sensing
		
what information/data needs to be gathered from space
	Nasa uses big data in order to do simulations(but that's all on the ground)
		its too expensive to do any kind of testing in space, scaled down or not
			whatever we put into space needs to do good work that can't be simulated on earth
			
one thing that hasn't been done yet(i don't think) is cubesats that can remotely perform new research and tests without resending a new one up
	limited to only certain things(depending on what systems are available)
		main thing would really low power consumption, and maintaining signal link with satellite 300km above earths surface
		one article suggests implementing FPGA to onboard satellite for upgradability
			upgradability is limited to power rating (if new tests consume too much power, then can't upgrade it)

			
Dellingr: the little satellite that could
	payload activated itself pre-flight despite timed delay
		battery was drained before mission began
	resetted itself more often than needed (prevented communication with ground system)
		ground team had to jam the system with repeated signals to trigger power-rerset(turning computer on-off)
